resident evil 7 maybe Kingdom Hearts 3
gameplay trailer released Troy Baker is
a convincing Joker and today is queued
up i'm doctor and this is the daily bite
your bite size news for all things nerdy
fans are still in disbelief that after
so much disappointment they're finally
actually getting a true sequel to the
kingdom hearts series well no need to
pinch yourself you are not dreaming we
have an actual gameplay trailer released
by square for d23 in japan to confirm
that this is actually happening the
trailer features in older sora and the
ageless goofy and donald we also got a
look at the team riding a train and a
pirate ship which might be some summons
or some sort of environmental ability
similar to dream Drop Distance saara
appears also to have the ability to turn
his keyblade into guns now I know it's
easy to get all caught up in the
excitement of some fresh new gameplay
from this highly anticipated title but
considering that they've just started
development on the game this year it's
unlikely that you will be seeing kh3 on
a ps4 or an xbox one anytime soon even
though these days sequels to popular
games seem like a foregone conclusion
it's still kind of odd when studio start
production right as the original ships
this seems to be the case with resident
evil as it appears that re seven started
production right around that time
someone had spotted on the resume of one
Karen brackenridge an entry that listed
her as a costume designer for the
resident evil 7 video game it's unlikely
that this is for the movie series of the
same name due to the fact that they are
only on the fifth movie and that she
actually listed it as the video game on
her resume since capcom did say that the
last installment failed to reach sales
goals it's kind of odd that they would
rush production for perhaps in the next
game instead of the president's daughter
Leon will be saving Resident Evil's
profit margins I know I was upset too
when I found out that Mark Hamill is
done with the Joker whether it be in the
amazing Batman the Animated Series or
Arkham games Hammel was the perfect
blend of insane yet comedic that's why
fans were first shocked to hear that
despite Hamels absence the newest arkham
game would indeed feature the Joker then
the fans were double shocked yes that's
a thing to
find out that the new voice of the Joker
would be done by none other than the
voice of Joel and Booker a one mr. Troy
Baker while at the Arkham panel at New
York Comic Con Troy gave us a taste of
what the audition process was like and
at a reading of the Joker monologue from
The Killing Joke Baker's Joker is eerily
similar to Hamels I'm serious just
listen to this with your eyes closed
just pretend that it's mark hamill
there's always madness you can just step
outside and close the door and all those
dreadful things that happened you can
lock them away madness is the emergency
exit so Batman fans can rest easy that
their favorite arch criminal is in good
hands or good mouth yeah today / queued
up here is a seriously terror great
movie called zombies zombies zombies
strippers vs zombies and if you're
trying to scratch that really bad movie
itch and want to have a weenie bend to
it zombies zombies zombies might be just
the flick for you also yes it's exactly
what it sounds like also yes even though
it says not rated don't watch this
without an adult it's like really weird
there's boobs that's when your daily
bright I'm Dodger like favorite
subscribe do all of the socials and we
will see you tomorrow goodbye so long